Add documentation in how Etherpads are integrated with Meetings. (#5652)
decidim/decidim: docs/services/etherpad.md

# Etherpad

> On some cases, users need to have near real time collaborative writing, for instance for having the minutes on a presencial meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On some cases, users need to have near real time collaborative writing, for instance for having the minutes on a physical meeting.
```

    api_key: <%= ENV["ETHERPAD_API_KEY"] %>
    api_version: <%= ENV["ETHERPAD_API_VERSION"] %>
```

## How is Etherpad Lite integrated in Meetings?

To better understand this feature, the final idea is to have the three moments of a meeting covered on Decidim itself by default:

> - Before, you let know that the meeting is going to happen, where, when and what is gonna be talked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Before the meeting**, you let know that the meeting is going to happen, where, when and what is going to be discussed
```

> - During, you can take notes on a collaborative way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **During the meeting**, notes can be taken on a collaborative way
```

> - After, you upload the notes, metadata and pictures for having memory on what was talked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **After the meeting**, you upload the notes, minutes, metadata and/or pictures to have a record on what was discussed
```

Pad creation can be enabled by administrators in each `Meetings` component. When enabled, the public view of a Meeting renders an iframe which encapsulates the integrated Pad. This Pad is automatically created before rendering, so there's nothing the user or the administrators has to do to see the Pad.

> The pad iframe is only accesible for 24 hours before and 72 hours after the meeting. After the meeting only the read only URL for this pad is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pad iframe is only accessible for 24 hours before and 72 hours after the meeting. After the meeting only the read only URL for this pad is shown.
```
